README.md, before:

<!-- Use https://stackedit.io/app to edit and test md files  -->

# Anime Library Managment System

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).


## Style Guide

1. What is this website about ?

       Anime Library Management System

2. What should this website actually do ?

      Anime Library management system will help people do the following :-  
  
      - Read, Borrow different kinds of mangas, videos, articles from the library.      
      - Add new users, maintain existing users.
      - Wishlist by liking Anime Series, Mangas
  
3. What does my website look like ?
  
        - http://www.animefreak.tv/
        - https://tubitv.com/category/anime
        - https://konohastuff.com/
  
      `a. What's the background color ? #26262D (Black)`
      
      `b. What kind of font is appropriate ? (https://fonts.google.com/)` 
      
      `<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto" rel="stylesheet">`
  
4. Design guide.
    
    Please refer to links below :-
   
   `a. https://blog.hubspot.com/blog/tabid/6307/bid/30557/6-guidelines-for-exceptional-website-design-and-usability.aspx`
   
   `b. https://www.sitepoint.com/creating-web-style-guide/`

## Installations

1. SASS installation into project and usage.

    - ng config schematics.@schematics/angular:component.styleext sass (angular6+)
    - changed references from css to scss in angular.json file
    - changed css files to scss manually

2. Added Bootstrap css and Jquery using following :-

    - included links in index.html file along with jquery link
    - installed jquery using npm install --save @types/jquery


3. Added font awesome using follwing :-

    - npm install font-awesome --save
    - $fa-font-path: "~font-awesome/fonts"; into scss file  
    - @import '~font-awesome/scss/font-awesome'; into scss file

4. Added iziToast as following :-
    - https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng2-izitoast
    - Note :- (Had to add css and js to angular json file importing them from node modules) 

## Flux and Redux reads and installation :-

    // what is flux

    Flux (English) means :-
    1. the action or process of flowing or flowing out.
    2. continuous/constant change.

    // what is a flux architecture and FLUX vs MVC design pattern
    
    - https://medium.com/hacking-and-gonzo/flux-vs-mvc-design-patterns-57b28c0f71b7
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33447710/mvc-vs-flux-bidirectional-vs-unidirectional/33455847
    - https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/295119/understanding-flux-pattern

    Understanding need of redux
    
    - https://almerosteyn.com/2016/08/redux-explained-again
    - https://blog.angular-university.io/angular-2-redux-ngrx-rxjs/

    // redux with angular2

    npm install redux @angular-redux/store --save
    
    to app module add following:- 
    
    `import { NgRedux, NgReduxModule } from '@angular-redux/store';`
    
    `imports [NgReduxModule]`
    
    `import { IAppState, rootReducer, INITIAL_STATE } from './store';`

    
    `constructor(ngRedux: NgRedux<IAppState>) {`
    
    `  ngRedux.configureStore(rootReducer, INITIAL_STATE);`
    
    `}`

Commit message:

docs(deployment): github pages deploymentand publish.

README.md, after:

<!-- Use https://stackedit.io/app to edit and test md files  --> 

# Anime Library Managment System

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).


## Deploy or publish an Angular app on GitHub pages.  

1. Have ghpages package installed on your computer. The ghpages package is used to deploy your build file to GitHub pages. run the following command to install it globally:  

	`npm install -g angular-cli-ghpages`
 

2. Specify the base reference of your build files with the following command:

	`ng build --prod --base-href https://MiHawkStackOverFlow.github.io/Anime-Library-Angular7/`


3. Run ngh to invoke the hgpage command line interface tool we installed earlier.

	`ngh`  

4. Go to url 
    `https://mihawkstackoverflow.github.io/Anime-Library-Angular7/home`
  

## Style Guide

1. What is this website about ?

       Anime Library Management System

2. What should this website actually do ?

      Anime Library management system will help people do the following :-  
  
      - Read, Borrow different kinds of mangas, videos, articles from the library.      
      - Add new users, maintain existing users.
      - Wishlist by liking Anime Series, Mangas
  
3. What does my website look like ?
  
        - http://www.animefreak.tv/
        - https://tubitv.com/category/anime
        - https://konohastuff.com/
  
      `a. What's the background color ? #26262D (Black)`
      
      `b. What kind of font is appropriate ? (https://fonts.google.com/)` 
      
      `<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto" rel="stylesheet">`
  
4. Design guide.
    
    Please refer to links below :-
   
   `a. https://blog.hubspot.com/blog/tabid/6307/bid/30557/6-guidelines-for-exceptional-website-design-and-usability.aspx`
   
   `b. https://www.sitepoint.com/creating-web-style-guide/`

## Installations

1. SASS installation into project and usage.

    - ng config schematics.@schematics/angular:component.styleext sass (angular6+)
    - changed references from css to scss in angular.json file
    - changed css files to scss manually

2. Added Bootstrap css and Jquery using following :-

    - included links in index.html file along with jquery link
    - installed jquery using npm install --save @types/jquery


3. Added font awesome using follwing :-

    - npm install font-awesome --save
    - $fa-font-path: "~font-awesome/fonts"; into scss file  
    - @import '~font-awesome/scss/font-awesome'; into scss file

4. Added iziToast as following :-
    - https://www.npmjs.com/package/ng2-izitoast
    - Note :- (Had to add css and js to angular json file importing them from node modules) 

## Flux and Redux reads and installation :-

    // what is flux

    Flux (English) means :-
    1. the action or process of flowing or flowing out.
    2. continuous/constant change.

    // what is a flux architecture and FLUX vs MVC design pattern
    
    - https://medium.com/hacking-and-gonzo/flux-vs-mvc-design-patterns-57b28c0f71b7
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33447710/mvc-vs-flux-bidirectional-vs-unidirectional/33455847
    - https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/295119/understanding-flux-pattern

    Understanding need of redux
    
    - https://almerosteyn.com/2016/08/redux-explained-again
    - https://blog.angular-university.io/angular-2-redux-ngrx-rxjs/

    // redux with angular2

    npm install redux @angular-redux/store --save
    
    to app module add following:- 
    
    `import { NgRedux, NgReduxModule } from '@angular-redux/store';`
    
    `imports [NgReduxModule]`
    
    `import { IAppState, rootReducer, INITIAL_STATE } from './store';`

    
    `constructor(ngRedux: NgRedux<IAppState>) {`
    
    `  ngRedux.configureStore(rootReducer, INITIAL_STATE);`
    
    `}`
